Readme.md, before:


Lua static battery
==================

This is a script to build a static version of lua, using gcc and the musl C
library.  The toolchain are downloaded from [musl.cc](http://musl.cc). Some
usefull libraries are included too.

The script can build linux, windows and mac binaries. Linux binaries are built
for both x86 (natively) and arm with hard float (through cross-compile).
Windows binaries are built through cross-compile from linux. The mac binaries
are built with a default LLVM toolchain, without musl.

Library list and documentation
==============================

Here a link to the documentation of the included software:

- [Lua 5.4.1](https://www.lua.org/manual/5.4), the standalone interpreter is in the generated `lua.exe`
- [Lua File System](https://keplerproject.github.io/luafilesystem/manual.html#reference), it is enabled with `local lfs = require "lfs"`
- [Lua Socket](http://w3.impa.br/~diego/software/luasocket/reference.html), it is enabled with `local socket = require "socket"`
- [Lua Child](https://github.com/pocomane/luachild), it is enabled with `local child = require "luachild"`
- [LuaProc](https://github.com/pocomane/luaproc-extended), it is enabled with `local proc = require "luaproc"`
- [Glua](https://github.com/pocomane/glua), it is a lua+script embedding utility

Usage
======

The build script can be run with

```
./build.sh
```

It expects that all the softwares are in specific subfolder. However, an
utility script is provided to download the build script as well a all the
needed dependencies in a `build` folder:

```
curl -L -k "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pocomane/pack/master/pack.sh" | bash -s update
./build/pack/build.sh
```

To select the target architecture you can set the `TARGET` environment variable
to `linux`, `arm_linux`, `windows` or `mac`.

Build environment
=================

The following software is supposed to be installed in the host system:

- A posix shell
- GNU coreutils
- Tar and Gzip
- Sed
- Curl
- Git

Commit message:

Support for custom download/build directory in the updater script

Readme.md, after:


Lua static battery
==================

This is a script to build a static version of lua, using gcc and the musl C
library.  The toolchain are downloaded from [musl.cc](http://musl.cc). Some
usefull libraries are included too.

The script can build linux, windows and mac binaries. Linux binaries are built
for both x86 (natively) and arm with hard float (through cross-compile).
Windows binaries are built through cross-compile from linux. The mac binaries
are built with a default LLVM toolchain, without musl.

Library list and documentation
==============================

Here a link to the documentation of the included software:

- [Lua 5.4.1](https://www.lua.org/manual/5.4), the standalone interpreter is in the generated `lua.exe`
- [Lua File System](https://keplerproject.github.io/luafilesystem/manual.html#reference), it is enabled with `local lfs = require "lfs"`
- [Lua Socket](http://w3.impa.br/~diego/software/luasocket/reference.html), it is enabled with `local socket = require "socket"`
- [Lua Child](https://github.com/pocomane/luachild), it is enabled with `local child = require "luachild"`
- [LuaProc](https://github.com/pocomane/luaproc-extended), it is enabled with `local proc = require "luaproc"`
- [Glua](https://github.com/pocomane/glua), it is a lua+script embedding utility

Usage
======

The build script can be run with

```
./build.sh
```

It expects that all the softwares are in specific subfolder. However, an
utility script is provided to download the build script as well a all the
needed dependencies in a `build` folder:

```
curl -L -k "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pocomane/pack/master/pack.sh" | bash -s update
./build/pack/build.sh
```

To select the target architecture you can set the `TARGET` environment variable
to `linux`, `arm_linux`, `windows` or `mac`.

To change the download/build directory, you can set the `UPDATER_TARGET`
environment variable.

Build environment
=================

The following software is supposed to be installed in the host system:

- A posix shell
- GNU coreutils
- Tar and Gzip
- Sed
- Curl
- Git
